Wildcards(ForceProcess.md) (#62)
DavidXanatos/sandboxie-docs: Content/ForceProcess.md

   [DefaultBox]
   ForceProcess=iexplore.exe
   ForceProcess=firefox.exe
   ForceProcess=App*.exe
   ForceProcess=App?.exe
   [MailBox]
   ForceProcess=outlook.exe

>    ForceProcess=c?ick??.exe

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   ForceProcess=click??.exe
```

In the lines below, there is a specific `click??` reference.

Author: `c?ick??` shows the use of wildcards in the middle

   
```

- `*` defines any character.
- `?` defines one character.

> The example specifies that Internet Explorer (iexplore.exe), Firefox (firefox.exe), App* (Appga, App03 and etc.). and App? (App1, Appg, Appa and etc.). will be forced to run sandboxed in the sandbox _DefaultBox_. Outlook.exe and click?? (clickor, clickid and etc.). will be forced to run sandboxed in the sandbox _MailBox_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The example specifies that Internet Explorer (iexplore.exe), Firefox (firefox.exe), App* (Appga, App03 and etc.). and App? (App1, Appg, Appa and etc.). will be forced to run sandboxed in the sandbox _DefaultBox_. Outlook.exe and cl?cke? (clicker, clicked and etc.). will be forced to run sandboxed in the sandbox _MailBox_.
```
